[docs] Add a reCAPTCHA article (#5204)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/recipes/integrations/test-websites-that-use-recaptcha.md

---
layout: docs
title: Test Websites That Use reCAPTCHA
permalink: /documentation/recipes/integrations/test-websites-that-use-recaptcha.html
---
# Test Websites That Use reCAPTCHA

> TestCafe does not implement mechanisms that circumvent CAPTCHA challenges. However, many CAPTCHA providers allow you to disable or mock the verification in test environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestCafe does not implement mechanisms that circumvent CAPTCHA challenges. However, many CAPTCHA providers allow you to disable or simulate the verification in test environments.
```

> This topic describes how to configure reCAPTCHA so that TestCafe tests pass through it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to configure reCAPTCHA for TestCafe tests.
```

## reCAPTCHA v3

Create a separate key for testing environments in the [reCAPTCHA admin console](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/admin/create). Then follow the instructions on the page to use this key when you build the site for testing.

> > Scores may not be accurate in testing environments as reCAPTCHA v3 relies on seeing real traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Scores may not be accurate in testing environments as reCAPTCHA v3 relies on real traffic.
```

> Alternatively, you can change the `score` threshold or disable the reCAPTCHA check completely in your development build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can change the `score` threshold or disable the reCAPTCHA check in your development build.
```

## reCAPTCHA v2

> Use the following test keys that generate the `No CAPTCHA` response and make all verification requests pass:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following test keys that generate the `No CAPTCHA` response and pass all verification requests:
```
